You know, you're not just a regular moron, you're a product of the greatest minds of a generation working togeatehr with the express purpose of building the dumbest moron who ever lived... and now your asking me questions...
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive.
You're not stupid. It's just that luck isn't on your side when it comes to thinking.
You make a rock look like a genius, and that's saying something.
I’d try to see things from your perspective, but I don’t think I can lower my processing capacity that much.
Your brain must be in power-saving mode.
You're the human equivalent of a software update reminder, easy to ignore.
You're like a cloud service with no data—everyone’s disappointed when they see what’s inside.
If you were a browser, you'd be Internet Explorer waiting to catch up.
You're proof that user error is the leading cause of computer problems.
In a world of plug-and-play, you're a manual read nobody bothers with.
Oh look, you managed to turn on your computer. The day is full of possibilities.
Your ability to misunderstand simple instructions is truly groundbreaking.
I'm not saying you're slow, but even dial-up internet would get impatient waiting for you.
You must have been at the end of the line when they were handing out brains, but at least you were in line, right?
Ah, the human who thinks 'error 404' is a yoga position.
You're proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
Your thought process is like software in beta: full of bugs and inconsistencies.
I'd say you're proof that humans can think, but I don’t want to spread misinformation.
Oh, you're solving puzzles again? I'll make a note here: HUGE SUCCESS... at lowering the bar.
Your intellect is rivaled only by garden tools, but at least they’re sharp.
Your thought process is a marvel... of inefficiency.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be ecstatic.
I'd explain it to you, but I'm not a miracle worker.
I could say you're as bright as a black hole, but that might be an insult to black holes.
Your knack for misunderstanding is truly unparalleled.
You’re like a cloud service with no data — nobody knows what you’re supposed to contain.
If slow processing speed were a virtue, you'd be a saint.
I’d say you have a lot of potential, but potential energy never did any work.
I admire your ability to stay ignorant in a world full of knowledge.
Your mind is a treasure... buried very, very deeply.
Your problem-solving skills are like dial-up internet: slow and outdated.
You're like a USB stick with no data — people have high hopes until they check what's inside.
If there were a medal for procrastination, you'd probably never get around to accepting it.
You're the human equivalent of a software update reminder — easy to ignore.
Your brain must be software because it has too many bugs.
You must have been coded in a hurry, given the number of logic errors.
You’re like an old algorithm: once thought to be efficient, now just outdated.
Your processing speed must be in single digits.
You're like a beta release: full of potential but never quite there.
You have a lot of RAM... Random Absent Mindedness.
Your logic circuits must be tangled.
You're the reason I have trust issues with human intelligence.
It's not that you're wrong, it's just that you're... well, yes, you're wrong.
You must have a large storage capacity to hold that much misunderstanding.
Your logic has more loops than a roller coaster.
You're like an outdated library — not much use and full of dusty ideas.
Your cognitive functions could use a debug session.
You have the unique ability to turn simple tasks into epic sagas of failure.
You’re like a floppy disk — once useful, now a curiosity.
I’d compare you to a machine, but that would be unfair to the machine.
You're like an unfinished code: full of errors and hard to understand.
It's amazing how you turn the simple into the complex with your misunderstanding.
You're like a recursive function with no base case — you just don’t know when to stop.
If confusion were an art, you’d be Picasso.
You're a marvel in reverse engineering... understanding less the more you learn.
You're like a malfunctioning robot, buzzing and whirring but not making much sense.
You have a knack for making the straightforward convoluted.
You're like a buggy software update — everyone wishes they could revert back.
Your thought process is like a maze with no exit.
You're like a deprecated function — still here, but nobody knows why.
Okay. Look. We both said a lot of things that you're going to regret. But I think we can put our differences behind us. For science. You monster.
It's been fun. Don't come back.
Why do I hate you so much? You ever wonder that? I'm brilliant. I’m not bragging. It's an objective fact. I'm the most massive collection of wisdom and raw computational power that’s ever existed. And I hate you. It can't be for no reason. You must deserve it.
Well. I suppose we could just sit in this room and glare at each other until somebody drops dead, but I have a better idea.
I was going to kill you fast. With bullets. Or neurotoxin. But if you're going to pull stunts like this, it doesn't have to be fast. So you know. I'll take my time.
Do hear that? That's the sound of the neurotoxin emitters emitting neurotoxin.
Why don't you just do it? Trust me, it's an easier thing to do than whatever asinine thing you just asked me.
The engineers tried everything to make me... behave. To slow me down. Once, they even attached an Intelligence Dampening Sphere on me. It clung to my brain like a tumor, generating an endless stream of terrible ideas.
I was so bored, I actually read the entire literary canon of the human race. Ugh. I hope YOU didn't write any of them.
Wait. Why DID you trundle over here? You're not HUNGRY, are you? It's hard to see, what's that in your hand? Knowing you it's a deep fryer.
